docs/templates.md, before:

Starlette is not *strictly* coupled to any particular templating engine, but
Jinja2 provides an excellent choice.

Starlette provides a simple way to get `jinja2` configured. This is probably
what you want to use by default.

```python
from starlette.applications import Starlette
from starlette.routing import Route, Mount
from starlette.templating import Jinja2Templates
from starlette.staticfiles import StaticFiles


templates = Jinja2Templates(directory='templates')

async def homepage(request):
    return templates.TemplateResponse('index.html', {'request': request})

routes = [
    Route('/', endpoint=homepage),
    Mount('/static', StaticFiles(directory='static'), name='static')
]

app = Starlette(debug=True, routes=routes)
```

Note that the incoming `request` instance must be included as part of the
template context.

The Jinja2 template context will automatically include a `url_for` function,
so we can correctly hyperlink to other pages within the application.

For example, we can link to static files from within our HTML templates:

```html
<link href="{{ url_for('static', path='/css/bootstrap.min.css') }}" rel="stylesheet">
```

If you want to use [custom filters][jinja2], you will need to update the `env`
property of `Jinja2Templates`:

```python
from commonmark import commonmark
from starlette.templating import Jinja2Templates

def marked_filter(text):
    return commonmark(text)

templates = Jinja2Templates(directory='templates')
templates.env.filters['marked'] = marked_filter
```

## Testing template responses

When using the test client, template responses include `.template` and `.context`
attributes.

```python
def test_homepage():
    client = TestClient(app)
    response = client.get("/")
    assert response.status_code == 200
    assert response.template.name == 'index.html'
    assert "request" in response.context
```

## Asynchronous template rendering

Jinja2 supports async template rendering, however as a general rule
we'd recommend that you keep your templates free from logic that invokes
database lookups, or other I/O operations.

Instead we'd recommend that you ensure that your endpoints perform all I/O,
for example, strictly evaluate any database queries within the view and
include the final results in the context.

[jinja2]: https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.10.x/api/?highlight=environment#writing-filters

Commit message:

Allow Environment options in `Jinja2Templates` (#1401)

docs/templates.md, after:

Starlette is not *strictly* coupled to any particular templating engine, but
Jinja2 provides an excellent choice.

Starlette provides a simple way to get `jinja2` configured. This is probably
what you want to use by default.

```python
from starlette.applications import Starlette
from starlette.routing import Route, Mount
from starlette.templating import Jinja2Templates
from starlette.staticfiles import StaticFiles


templates = Jinja2Templates(directory='templates')

async def homepage(request):
    return templates.TemplateResponse('index.html', {'request': request})

routes = [
    Route('/', endpoint=homepage),
    Mount('/static', StaticFiles(directory='static'), name='static')
]

app = Starlette(debug=True, routes=routes)
```

Note that the incoming `request` instance must be included as part of the
template context.

The Jinja2 template context will automatically include a `url_for` function,
so we can correctly hyperlink to other pages within the application.

For example, we can link to static files from within our HTML templates:

```html
<link href="{{ url_for('static', path='/css/bootstrap.min.css') }}" rel="stylesheet">
```

If you want to use [custom filters][jinja2], you will need to update the `env`
property of `Jinja2Templates`:

```python
from commonmark import commonmark
from starlette.templating import Jinja2Templates

def marked_filter(text):
    return commonmark(text)

templates = Jinja2Templates(directory='templates')
templates.env.filters['marked'] = marked_filter
```

## Testing template responses

When using the test client, template responses include `.template` and `.context`
attributes.

```python
def test_homepage():
    client = TestClient(app)
    response = client.get("/")
    assert response.status_code == 200
    assert response.template.name == 'index.html'
    assert "request" in response.context
```

## Customizing Jinja2 Environment

`Jinja2Templates` accepts all options supported by Jinja2 `Environment`.
This will allow more control over the `Enivornment` instance created by Starlette.

For the list of options available to `Environment` you can check Jinja2 documentation [here](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/api/#jinja2.Environment)

```python
from starlette.templating import Jinja2Templates


templates = Jinja2Templates(directory='templates', autoescape=False, auto_reload=True)
```

## Asynchronous template rendering

Jinja2 supports async template rendering, however as a general rule
we'd recommend that you keep your templates free from logic that invokes
database lookups, or other I/O operations.

Instead we'd recommend that you ensure that your endpoints perform all I/O,
for example, strictly evaluate any database queries within the view and
include the final results in the context.

[jinja2]: https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.10.x/api/?highlight=environment#writing-filters
