docs/third-party-packages.md, before:


Starlette has a rapidly growing community of developers, building tools that integrate into Starlette, tools that depend on Starlette, etc.

Here are some of those third party packages:


## Backports

### Python 3.5 port

<a href="https://github.com/em92/starlette" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

## Plugins

### Starlette APISpec

<a href="https://github.com/Woile/starlette-apispec" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Simple APISpec integration for Starlette.
Document your REST API built with Starlette by declaring OpenAPI (Swagger)
schemas in YAML format in your endpoint's docstrings.

### SpecTree

<a href="https://github.com/0b01001001/spectree" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Generate OpenAPI spec document and validate request & response with Python annotations. Less boilerplate code(no need for YAML).

### Mangum

<a href="https://github.com/erm/mangum" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Serverless ASGI adapter for AWS Lambda & API Gateway.

### Nejma

<a href="https://github.com/taoufik07/nejma" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Manage and send messages to groups of channels using websockets.
Checkout <a href="https://github.com/taoufik07/nejma-chat" target="_blank">nejma-chat</a>, a simple chat application built using `nejma` and `starlette`.

### ChannelBox

<a href="https://github.com/Sobolev5/channel-box" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Another solution for websocket broadcast. Send messages to channel groups from any part of your code.
Checkout <a href="https://svue-backend.andrey-sobolev.ru/chat/chat1/" target="_blank">channel-box-chat</a>, a simple chat application built using `channel-box` and `starlette`.

### Scout APM

<a href="https://github.com/scoutapp/scout_apm_python" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

An APM (Application Performance Monitoring) solution that can
instrument your application to find performance bottlenecks.

### Starlette Prometheus

<a href="https://github.com/perdy/starlette-prometheus" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

A plugin for providing an endpoint that exposes [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) metrics based on its [official python client](https://github.com/prometheus/client_python).

### webargs-starlette

<a href="https://github.com/sloria/webargs-starlette" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Declarative request parsing and validation for Starlette, built on top
of [webargs](https://github.com/marshmallow-code/webargs).

Allows you to parse querystring, JSON, form, headers, and cookies using
type annotations.

### Authlib

<a href="https://github.com/lepture/Authlib" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://docs.authlib.org/en/latest/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

The ultimate Python library in building OAuth and OpenID Connect clients and servers. Check out how to integrate with [Starlette](https://docs.authlib.org/en/latest/client/starlette.html).

### Starlette OAuth2 API

<a href="https://gitlab.com/jorgecarleitao/starlette-oauth2-api" target="_blank">GitLab</a>

A starlette middleware to add authentication and authorization through JWTs.
It relies solely on an auth provider to issue access and/or id tokens to clients.

### Starlette Context

<a href="https://github.com/tomwojcik/starlette-context" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Middleware for Starlette that allows you to store and access the context data of a request.
Can be used with logging so logs automatically use request headers such as x-request-id or x-correlation-id.

### Starlette Cramjam

<a href="https://github.com/developmentseed/starlette-cramjam" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

A Starlette middleware that allows **brotli**, **gzip** and **deflate** compression algorithm with a minimal requirements.

## Frameworks

### Responder

<a href="https://github.com/taoufik07/responder" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://python-responder.org/en/latest/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

Async web service framework. Some Features: flask-style route expression,
yaml support, OpenAPI schema generation, background tasks, graphql.

### FastAPI

<a href="https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

High performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready for production web API framework.
Inspired by **APIStar**'s previous server system with type declarations for route parameters, based on the OpenAPI specification version 3.0.0+ (with JSON Schema), powered by **Pydantic** for the data handling.

### Flama

<a href="https://github.com/perdy/flama/" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://flama.perdy.io/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

Formerly Starlette API.

Flama aims to bring a layer on top of Starlette to provide an **easy to learn** and **fast to develop** approach for building **highly performant** GraphQL and REST APIs. In the same way of Starlette is, Flama is a perfect option for developing **asynchronous** and **production-ready** services.

### Starlette-apps

Roll your own framework with a simple app system, like [Django-GDAPS](https://gdaps.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or [CakePHP](https://cakephp.org/).

<a href="https://github.com/yourlabs/starlette-apps" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Commit message:

Add starsessions library to the 3rd-party list. (#1225)
* Add starsessions library to the 3rd-party list.

* Update docs/third-party-packages.md

Co-authored-by: Marcelo Trylesinski <marcelotryle@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Marcelo Trylesinski <marcelotryle@gmail.com>

docs/third-party-packages.md, after:


Starlette has a rapidly growing community of developers, building tools that integrate into Starlette, tools that depend on Starlette, etc.

Here are some of those third party packages:


## Backports

### Python 3.5 port

<a href="https://github.com/em92/starlette" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

## Plugins

### Starlette APISpec

<a href="https://github.com/Woile/starlette-apispec" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Simple APISpec integration for Starlette.
Document your REST API built with Starlette by declaring OpenAPI (Swagger)
schemas in YAML format in your endpoint's docstrings.

### SpecTree

<a href="https://github.com/0b01001001/spectree" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Generate OpenAPI spec document and validate request & response with Python annotations. Less boilerplate code(no need for YAML).

### Mangum

<a href="https://github.com/erm/mangum" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Serverless ASGI adapter for AWS Lambda & API Gateway.

### Nejma

<a href="https://github.com/taoufik07/nejma" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Manage and send messages to groups of channels using websockets.
Checkout <a href="https://github.com/taoufik07/nejma-chat" target="_blank">nejma-chat</a>, a simple chat application built using `nejma` and `starlette`.

### ChannelBox

<a href="https://github.com/Sobolev5/channel-box" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Another solution for websocket broadcast. Send messages to channel groups from any part of your code.
Checkout <a href="https://svue-backend.andrey-sobolev.ru/chat/chat1/" target="_blank">channel-box-chat</a>, a simple chat application built using `channel-box` and `starlette`.

### Scout APM

<a href="https://github.com/scoutapp/scout_apm_python" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

An APM (Application Performance Monitoring) solution that can
instrument your application to find performance bottlenecks.

### Starlette Prometheus

<a href="https://github.com/perdy/starlette-prometheus" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

A plugin for providing an endpoint that exposes [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) metrics based on its [official python client](https://github.com/prometheus/client_python).

### webargs-starlette

<a href="https://github.com/sloria/webargs-starlette" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Declarative request parsing and validation for Starlette, built on top
of [webargs](https://github.com/marshmallow-code/webargs).

Allows you to parse querystring, JSON, form, headers, and cookies using
type annotations.

### Authlib

<a href="https://github.com/lepture/Authlib" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://docs.authlib.org/en/latest/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

The ultimate Python library in building OAuth and OpenID Connect clients and servers. Check out how to integrate with [Starlette](https://docs.authlib.org/en/latest/client/starlette.html).

### Starlette OAuth2 API

<a href="https://gitlab.com/jorgecarleitao/starlette-oauth2-api" target="_blank">GitLab</a>

A starlette middleware to add authentication and authorization through JWTs.
It relies solely on an auth provider to issue access and/or id tokens to clients.

### Starlette Context

<a href="https://github.com/tomwojcik/starlette-context" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

Middleware for Starlette that allows you to store and access the context data of a request.
Can be used with logging so logs automatically use request headers such as x-request-id or x-correlation-id.


### Starsessions

<a href="https://github.com/alex-oleshkevich/starsessions" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

An alternate session support implementation with customizable storage backends.


### Starlette Cramjam

<a href="https://github.com/developmentseed/starlette-cramjam" target="_blank">GitHub</a>

A Starlette middleware that allows **brotli**, **gzip** and **deflate** compression algorithm with a minimal requirements.


## Frameworks

### Responder

<a href="https://github.com/taoufik07/responder" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://python-responder.org/en/latest/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

Async web service framework. Some Features: flask-style route expression,
yaml support, OpenAPI schema generation, background tasks, graphql.

### FastAPI

<a href="https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

High performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready for production web API framework.
Inspired by **APIStar**'s previous server system with type declarations for route parameters, based on the OpenAPI specification version 3.0.0+ (with JSON Schema), powered by **Pydantic** for the data handling.

### Flama

<a href="https://github.com/perdy/flama/" target="_blank">GitHub</a> |
<a href="https://flama.perdy.io/" target="_blank">Documentation</a>

Formerly Starlette API.

Flama aims to bring a layer on top of Starlette to provide an **easy to learn** and **fast to develop** approach for building **highly performant** GraphQL and REST APIs. In the same way of Starlette is, Flama is a perfect option for developing **asynchronous** and **production-ready** services.

### Starlette-apps

Roll your own framework with a simple app system, like [Django-GDAPS](https://gdaps.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or [CakePHP](https://cakephp.org/).

<a href="https://github.com/yourlabs/starlette-apps" target="_blank">GitHub</a>
